fix: Allow duplicate and no operationIds (#922)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: CHANGELOG.md

## Improvements

> - [openapi-generator] Fix generation for duplicate operation names.

Author: The openAPI generator actually "fixes" them too. Now that I already built it, I wouldn't want to remove it ;) But I'll improve the message a bit as this is more an improvement than a fix.

> - [openapi-generator] Fix generation for duplicate operation names.

Author: ```suggestion
- [openapi-generator] Improve generation for duplicate operation names and non existing operation ids.
```
